ver 1.5
In this version, interest cost is accrued for each row (up to month end).  Interest cost calculated from last instalment date to current instalment date (as in previous version) is shown in column titled 'INT'.
After a contract is registered in LeaseReg, the user can see how INT is calculated by pressing Alt+F3 (this will show the same schedule as in version 1.3)


ver 1.4
This ver number is reserved in case we need to develop improvement for ver 1.3 (where intererst cost is calculated based on instalment date). 

ver1.3r
Changed formula for accrued interest computation (now interest period include the day when payment is made, eg if payment is due and day on 1st of the month, the full month interest would be accrued, previously 30/31 or 29/30 month was accrued)

ver 1.3q
BugsS fixed: 
1. depreciation period was restricted to 100 month. This restriction is removed now.
2. data state was unchanged after a record is deregistered. Now the software will recheck the status 
   (i.e. whether it is 'Edit', 'New' or 'View) whenever the contract form is displayed
.   
ver 1.3p
Added new function under Admin menu which export all the lease schedules to excel file with one mouse click.

ver 1.3n
Use dd/mmyyyy as the date format for calendar and ignore the windows settings for date format
To prevent user from keying in contract data if the agreement ID is blank 

ver 1.3m
Allow user to export to Schedule/Report to Excel unprotected workbook
Add Ctrl+I and Ctrl+D to change column width
Fix minor error - Contract page is updated immediately after user de-register a contract (so that the particular contract can be edited) 

ver1.3k
Added 3 pdf help files
Minor change in user interface

ver 1.3j
Fix the two important bugs bugs in deferred tax computation (on Rental Lease and HP transaction);
Contract input screean revamped. Now changes will only be saved if user click SAVE button. All changes will be discarded if the user navigate to other records




